Team Name:

Team AR^2T

Personal Information:

Artem
Hello there, I'm Artem Chesnokov S3722286 You can contact me at artyomchesnokov@gmail.com

I was born in Russian Federation back in 1999. In 2008 I have immigrated to Australia with my family. Since then I've graduated from Werribee Secondary College last year and am currently studying at RMIT to become a bachelor of Information Technology. I speak both Russian and English fluently. I also have a whopping 540 hours on the Pyro class in Team Fortress 2 and have led a competitive team for nearly two years.

My interest in IT is based mostly on a desire to be able to use the tools technology provides, instead of having to rely on subpar implementations made by someone else I would like to make my own. I've always been around technology but my interest in IT started when I was building a PC. At some point when making part lists I wondered "How does any of this hardware work?". Previously I did messed around with basic modding and I've created a custom script or two for TF2. I chose to study at RMIT because it was one of the best universities for more technical subjects while also being the closest one so it was simply the perfect uni. I expect to learn how to program on an intermediate level. I also expect to learn the fundamentals of how computer hardware works
Tim
Hello, my name is Timothy Shen, my student number is s3721278 and my email is s3721278@student.rmit.edu.au. I was was born in Melbourne Australia. My ethnicity is chinese, but the main language I speak is english. I can speak very little mandarin. I studied and completed Primary and Secondary school and now i'm here studying at RMIT as a first year doing a Bachelor of Information Technology. I have two dogs. As for hobbies i'm not very interested in sports, however I do occasionally watch a bit of esports. I enjoy walking my dogs, playing videogames, sleeping and sleeping some more.

My interest in computers, technology and IT began when i was pretty young. I would watch my older brother play computer games which sparked my interest. As I got older and began using a computer I found it cool how you could play an infinite amount of games, google basically anything, watch other peoples videos via youtube and purchase and sell items online. I studied IT in year 11, but none of the stuff we learned has any relevance here. I don't have any experience in coding or programming.
Roland
Hello my name is Roland and i am currently a first year student at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology. I am studying a bachelor of technology ( Computer Studies) and i have a passion for working with A.I., building websites, programming, musical production and football (soccer). My student number is s3724076 at RMIT and my email address is s3724076@student.rmit.edu.au and my personal email is rolstar99@gmail.com. I have three pets, one dog and two cats and I recently arrived in Melbourne from a small farm located in northern NSW. I have been overseas a few times to countries such as Fiji, South Korea, Italy and England twice. The only language I speak fluently is English, though I know a little Latin and Italian.

My interest in IT was sparked when I was 13 in my first year of high school, when I was introduced into the world of game-making by a friend of my father's. Before then, I immersed myself in creativity-orientated activities, such as drawing, writing, making board games. It is from those chapters in my life that I generated within myself a thirst to create. I gradually abandoned game development when i was about 16, after realising the overwhelming competition in which I would without a doubt fail in making myself stand out.

I was introduced to IT around the same time by my father, who had worked in IT. I took a distance education course in IT when I was 17/18 which I approached passionately, and took work experience in a small, local IT company. I love to immerse myself in technology and am constantly fascinated by its achievements. Since then, I am and have been constantly seeking new methods to harness my creative aspect into the world of IT. My personal obsession with IT is very much focused on creatively approaching issues.

Ricky
Hello and welcome to my website. My name is Ricky Winata. I am a first year student at RMIT University completing Bachelor of Information Technology. My student ID is 3699475 and you can contact me on s3699475@student.rmit.edu.au. 

I was born and raised in Indonesia which means I could speak Indonesian language along with English as my second language. I moved to USA to further my study, spending two years in Seattle and another two in Minneapolis before moving to Melbourne for my study in RMIT. Other than my passion about IT and technology in general, I am someone who enjoy watching sports. Whether it is soccer, american football, basketball, tennis or Formula 1, watching competitions is one of my hobby. 


Group Processes:

Aside from one of the team members leaving mid assignment 2, this group worked fairly well together, managing to allocate and complete equal portions of the work between the team. However the work allocation was mostly informal so for Assignment 3 we will use a dedicated google docs table to visualise and designate the tasks between each person.

Career Plans:
Team members ideal jobs: 

Name
Job
Artem
Infrastructure Architect
Tim
Game Developer
Roland
Operational Technology Officer
Ricky
System Analyst


Both Artem’s and Ricky’s ideal jobs are more focused on the more general and technical hands on parts of the IT field, while Roland aims for a more managing, leading role and Tim focuses on a hands on job in a specific field. Unlike the others Roland is the only person to aim for a high up managing position instead of a hands on technical position and Tim is the only one whos ideal job is in a specific field.
