The overall aim is to produce a final product that can be sold to consumers, however within these 16 weeks our group’s aim will be to produce a proof of concept prototype of our idea. Anything afterwards will be too far out of our skillset and should be done more efficiently by a different team. Producing a proof of concept prototype will be very important as it will show us how viable the idea as an end product, provide experience with the production/software development and lastly will highlight the errors or mistakes in the original idea that can then be amended. 

First we will need to define the scope and limits of our idea. We have a relatively short amount of time to produce the prototype so planning ahead will allow us to make the most of our limited time. The skills required to finish the prototype will need to be highlighted and roles assigned. Otherwise we could get into a situation where someone lacks specific skills to complete their part of the project or simply no one on the team is capable of completing a part of the project resulting in a large delays.

After we know which skills our group is missing we will hire employees with those skills that are required to complete the prototype. This relies on us planning ahead and mapping out the skill sets required for the timely completion of the prototype. Bringing in more team members will increase the amount of work this team can do to allow us to produce the prototype with the best possible featureset.

We need to source the components and assemble the hardware parts of the prototype. 
We would need to assemble the camera which would include the camera itself but also a powersource in form of a rechargeable battery and a wireless chip, the processing part of the project will probably be handled by a personal computer for the time being, perhaps being replaced with a specialized Raspberry Pi if we have time. The hardware should be assembled in a presentable manner and if time permits, mirror the look of the final product.

Lastly we would need to code the software to allow the hardware to function as intended. The camera would need deep learning software to be coded for it to recognise faces and moods, this information will need to be sent over to a computer for it to process and output an appropriate action. Some kind of mobile app should probably be developed for the ease of installation of the product and the setup of the whole system.
